# Minishell
  This project is about creating a simple shell.

# Rule
- Display a prompt when waiting for a new command.
- Have a working history.
- Search and launch the right executable (based on the PATH variable or using a relative or an absolute path).
- Not use more than one global variable. Think about it. You will have to explain its purpose.
- Not interpret unclosed quotes or special characters which are not required by the subject such as \ (backslash) or ; (semicolon).
- Handle ’ (single quote) which should prevent the shell from interpreting the metacharacters in the quoted sequence.
- Handle " (double quote) which should prevent the shell from interpreting the metacharacters in the quoted sequence except for $ (dollar sign).
- Implement redirections :
  - "<" should redirect input.
  - ">" should redirect output.
  - "<<" should be given a delimiter, then read the input until a line containing the delimiter is seen. However, it doesn’t have to update the history!
  - ">>" should redirect output in append mode.
- Implement pipes (| character). The output of each command in the pipeline is connected to the input of the next command via a pipe.
- Handle environment variables ($ followed by a sequence of characters) which should expand to their values.
- Handle $? which should expand to the exit status of the most recently executed foreground pipeline.
- Handle ctrl-C, ctrl-D and ctrl-\ which should behave like in bash.
- In interactive mode:
  - ctrl-C displays a new prompt on a new line.
  - ctrl-D exits the shell.
  - ctrl-\ does nothing.
- Your shell must implement the following builtins:
  - echo with option -n
  - cd with only a relative or absolute path
  - pwd with no options
  - export with no options
  - unset with no options
  - env with no options or arguments
  - exit with no options
  - 
# Parts of a Minishell Program
  The Minishell implementation is divided into two parts: The Parser and The Executor.
  
# The Parser
  The Parser is the software component that reads the command line such as “ls -al” and puts it into a data structure called Command Table that will store the commands that will be executed.

# The Executor
  The executor will take the command table generated by the parser and for everySimpleCommand in the array it will create a new process. It will also if necessary create pipes to communicate the output of one process to the input of the next one. Additionally, it will redirect the standard input, standard output, and standard error if there are any redirections. 

# Available Functions
  readline, rl_clear_history, rl_on_new_line, rl_replace_line, rl_redisplay, add_history, printf, malloc, free, write, access, open, read, close, fork, wait, waitpid, wait3, wait4, signal, sigaction, sigemptyset, sigaddset, kill, exit, getcwd, chdir, stat, lstat, fstat, unlink, execve, dup, dup2, pipe, opendir, readdir, closedir, strerror, perror, isatty, ttyname, ttyslot, ioctl, getenv, tcsetattr, tcgetattr, tgetent, tgetflag, tgetnum, tgetstr, tgoto, tputs.
  
# Ressources
- 
